Alcohol
What else is uncomfortable?
I know you are kind.
I also have a very deep relationship with Aunt Lin Hong
But Aunt Ye?
He is your biological mother
You should try.
Give him another chance I know
At that time, I felt sorry for my mother
Aunt Lingkong is in the spirit of heaven
I must also hope to see you meet Aunt Ye
He wants you to have a better life
Not to mention
Those people have been punished as they deserve
Let go of hatred, okay?
I'm tired and need to rest
Then you can rest first.
I'll go first
Come, have some more!
Look how thin you are
Did you default?
You see
It's actually softer here.
Should I try to accept him?
I said I want to rest, don't disturb me
YANYAN
I am your father